Block-builder-scheduler: safe handling of multiple concurrent jobs in a partition (#12772)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow users to set the `query-frontend.extra-propagated-headers` flag to specify the extra headers allowed to pass through to the rest of the query path. #12174
* [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Add support for applying common subexpression elimination to range vector expressions in instant queries. #12236
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Improve the performance of active series custom trackers matchers. #12184

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Add postings cache sharing and invalidation. Sharing and head cache invalidation can be enabled via `-blocks-storage.tsdb.shared-postings-for-matchers-cache` and `-blocks-storage.tsdb.head-postings-for-matchers-cache-invalidation` respectively, and the number of metric versions per cache can be configured via `-blocks-storage.tsdb.head-postings-for-matchers-cache-versions`. #12333

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: Add postings cache sharing and invalidation. You can enable sharing and head cache invalidation via `-blocks-storage.tsdb.shared-postings-for-matchers-cache` and `-blocks-storage.tsdb.head-postings-for-matchers-cache-invalidation` respectively, and you can configure the number of metric versions per cache via `-blocks-storage.tsdb.head-postings-for-matchers-cache-versions`. #12333
```
